# Delphinus-Delphis-Feeding-Behavior-Prediction
                                                          Introduction
                                                          
This project goal is to discuss how boat distance, dolphins' reactions and juvenile dolphins'appearance will affect researchers' observations about common dolphins' feeding behaviors.It is challenging to observe dolphins’ feeding behaviors in great Aegean Sea area since their feeding behaviors are mostly under the sea surface. In order to better observe a long time dolphins’ feeding behavior without interfere their normal feeding process, we want to build a model to predict possible dolphins’ feeding behaviors during boat survey. Due to the randomness of boat survey(like the weather condition and researcher’s health condition on the sea) , we would like to increase the efficiency to observe dolphins’ feeding behavior by building machine learning models, in a handful and practical way. 

Based on our current facilities, we did not include the environmental factors into models, rather I used our boat distance, dolphin’s reactions and juvenile dolphin’s appearance factors, which are more practical data to collect in boat survey. However, for future study, I suggest we include the environmental factors data that we collected during boat survey into the model(eg,.salinity, PH value), which can be more accurate than data on Copernicus website and also can increase the model accuracy dramatically.

                                                           Discussion

In this chapter, I will discuss why I chose certain variables into our models and discuss their drawbacks. Further more, I will listed other variables to be collected in the future in order to improve model accuracy. J_A and reactions are two significant factors in our models based on all 13 variables Archipelagos have been collected so far. Researchers supposed that dolphins will be more readily
seeking food if they have children accompany and if they were in neutral mood status. More specifically, dolphins may seek social activities if they shown positive attitudes. Our boat distance and boat number help some models to achieve minor performance but not as
significant as former two did. Those two factors are substitute of “noise” measurement to dolphins. Since dolphins will be less likely to have feeding behaviors if there are noises around, so this is a very valuable factor to consider. However those two factors doesn’t work on well together. The boat distance only measures our boat distance to the dolphins without considering other boats distance. And the boat number is a categorical variable, which obscures the significant differences of real “noises”. An alternative to measure “noise” could be counting each boat’s average decibels and add all of them together. Other than just boat numbers, adding industry standard decibels for each boats may help models predict feeding behaviors more accurately. Other variables to consider will be environmental data(like salinity and PH value) and sea surface biomass values. It reasonable to assume that those factors will influence prays of dolphins’ distribution and thus are reasonable to be included. However, it will be unreasonable if we have a very small sample size(230), and the validated GPSs of dolphins’ appearance are only 23 points. In other words, we observed multiple behaviors in one spot. Thus, it will be statistically insignificant if we would extract those environmental variables by their latitude and longitude. Hopefully in future research, we can include salinity,PH value and see surface biomass values into the models until we have a large dataset.
